GitHub advisories support (#137)
anchore/enterprise-docs: content/docs/installation/feeds/_index.md

weight: 6
---

## Configuring Anchore Engine to use Anchore Enterprise Feeds

> In this section, you'll learn what is required for configuring Anchore Engine to use the Anchore Enterprise Feeds.

Reviewer: Update the introduction
```suggestion
In this section, you'll learn about the requirements for installing Anchore Enterprise Feeds and configuring its components. The section also contains instructions for configuring Anchore Engine installation to use Anchore Enterprise Feeds. You can read more about Anchore Enterprise Feeds [here]({{< ref "/docs/overview/feeds" >}}) 
```

## Introduction

> In this section, you'll learn how what is required for configuring Anchore Engine to use the Anchore Enterprise Feeds.

Reviewer: Move this to `Configure Anchore Engine to Anchore Enterprise Feeds` section.  Replace this with something like "In this section, you'll learn installation and configuration of Anchore Enterprise Feeds"

Author: When you say "section" you mean a new document and different url? Or you mean a new section in markdown with a separate title on the same document?

Author: I've made the changes assuming a markdown section in the same document. I don't mind either way, but I am OK if you want to separate them further into other files.
